
Homestyle Potato Chips~Misc~Homemade potato chips are fun and easy. Guaranteed they won't last long! A food processor with a slicing attachment is very helpful for slicing the potatoes. Experiment with the thickness; you may like them thicker or thinner. I like to use olive oil for frying, but you can use safflower, corn, or peanut oil as well as vegetable oil.~1 quart oil for deep frying,4 medium potatoes, peeled and sliced paper-thin,3 tablespoons salt, plus more to taste,~Season potato chips with additional salt if desired.,Working in small batches, fry potato slices until golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Continue until all of the slices are fried.,Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C).,Drain slices and rinse under cold water. Refill the bowl with water, add 3 tablespoons salt, and put slices back in the bowl. Let potatoes soak in the salty water for at least 30 minutes.,Drain and rinse slices again. Pat dry.,Transfer potato slices to a large bowl of cold water as you slice them.,~
Spaghetti~Pasta~A simple spaghetti meal~1lb, ground beef, 16oz spaghetti noodles, 16oz italian sauce~Brown meat, add italian sauce and keep over heat until bubbling~
Green Bean Casserole~Misc~Playing a supporting role in this holiday meal is the beloved Green Bean Casserole. Its cheap and easy and brace yourself for NO LEFTOVERS. You'll need green beans, cream of celery soup, milk, french fried onions, and cheddar cheese.~1 (10 ounce) can Cream of Celery Soup,2 cups Shredded Cheddar Cheese,3 (15 ounce) cans Green Beans,1 (3 ounce) can French Fried Onions,1 cup Milk,~Combine milk and cream of celery soup and mix to together until there are no lumps.,Mix the green beans, cheese, and soup together in a casserole dish.,Bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes.,Place the French Fried Onions over the entire top of the casserole.,~
Chicken Fajitas~Meat~Tasty chicken fajitas~1 onion, 2 bell peppers, 1/2 lime, 1/2 tbs chili powder, 1/2 tbs ground cumin, 1 tsp garlic powder, 1/2 tsp paprika, 1/4 tsp pepper, tortillas, pico de gallo, avocado, shredded cheese~Mix all the dry spices then coat chicken breasts with olive oil and mixture in the instant pot bowl. Then, start your instant pot on "poultry" mode. Chicken should cook in 20 - 30 minutes total. While the chicken is cooking, saute bell peppers and onions in olive oil. When the chicken is almost done cooking, wet a paper towel and microwave tortillas for 30 seconds instide of paper towel. Serve with sliced avocado, bell peppers, diced onions, shredded cheese, and pico de gallo.~
Jackie's Spinach and Apple Salad~Salad~This is a unique and delicious spinach salad with Granny Smith apples, walnuts, and Cheddar cheese. One of our family's favorites!~12 ounces baby spinach leaves,1/4 cup maple syrup,2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced,1/4 cup olive oil,8 ounces Cheddar cheese, cubed,1/4 cup apple cider vinegar,1/2 cup chopped walnuts,~In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, maple syrup and olive oil. Pour over the salad, and stir to coat. I like to use a bowl with a lid so I can shake the ingredients. Serve immediately.,In a large bowl, combine the spinach, apples, Cheddar cheese and walnuts. Toss lightly to blend.,~
Chicken Curry~Meat~Tasty chicken curry~1 cup basmati rice, 1.5 pounds chicken breasts, Salt and pepper, Garlic powder (3 cloves equivalent), 1 can tomato sauce, 1 tbs ginger, 3/2 tsp garam masala, 3/2 tsp chili powder, 3/2 tsp turmeric, 1 cup chicken stock, 1/2 cup heavy cream (or whole milk)~Cook basmati rice. Mix all dry ingredients and coat chicken breasts. Cook chicken in instant pot in the tomato sauce and chicken stock. Serve chicken on rice and make sure to use the sauce leftover to drizzle on top.~
Ground Beef Curly Noodle~Pasta~An easy, quick, and economical curly noodles recipe that kids really like. Ground beef, noodles, corn, and tomatoes make a complete meal in one skillet. My sister who ran a daycare used to make this and everybody enjoyed it.~1 pound ground beef,1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes,1 (3 ounce) package ramen noodle pasta with flavor packet,1 (10 ounce) can whole kernel corn,~Stir in flavor packet from ramen noodles, tomatoes, and corn (with their juices). Break up noodles slightly, and add them to the skillet. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes, or until noodles are tender. Stir occasionally to break up any clumps of noodles.,Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Crumble in ground beef, and cook until no longer pink, stirring frequently. Drain off grease.,~
The Really Good Salad Recipe with Pieces of Fruit~Salad~Garden salad with fruit, cooked sugared almonds, and an oil and vinegar dressing.~1/2 cup diced mango,salt and pepper to taste,1/2 cup sliced fresh peaches,1/2 cup dried, sweetened cranberries,1/2 head iceberg lettuce - rinsed, dried, and chopped,1/2 head leaf lettuce - rinsed, dried, and chopped,2 tablespoons white sugar,1/2 cup mandarin orange segments, drained,1/4 cup distilled white vinegar,1/2 cup olive oil,1/2 cup chopped fresh strawberries,1/4 cup chopped fresh chives,1/2 cup white sugar,1 cup slivered almonds,1 cup chopped celery,~In a large bowl, gently mix the almonds, iceberg lettuce, leaf lettuce, celery, chives, cranberries, mandarin orange, peaches, mango, and strawberries. Serve with desired amount of the oil and vinegar dressing.,In a bowl, mix the olive oil, vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt, and pepper. Set aside.,In a skillet over medium heat, cook and stir the almonds and 1/2 cup sugar 5 minutes, or until almonds are well-coated and lightly browned.,~
Borboletas~Pasta~I made this up myself because I needed something that I could cook quickly, that was delicious, and doesn't break the bank. Everyone I know who I cook this for has fallen absolutely in love with it. You can eat it while it's still warm, that's how I like it best. Refrigerating it makes it more of a pasta salad.~1 (16 ounce) package dry farfalle (bow tie) pasta,4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled,1 teaspoon dried oregano,1 medium cucumber, peeled and chopped,1 large fresh tomato, chopped,1/4 cup Italian salad dressing,~In a bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the tomato, cucumber, feta cheese, Italian dressing, and oregano.,Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Place the farfalle into the pot, cook 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.,~
Kickin' London Broil with Bleu Cheese Butter~Meat~London broil is grilled with spices and topped with a rich bleu cheese butter for an extraordinary taste! This is my original recipe - I hope you like it!~2 tablespoons butter, softened,1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper,2 tablespoons olive oil, divided,1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper,1 (2 pound) beef flank steak,3 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese,1 teaspoon onion powder,1 teaspoon fresh chives (Optional),1 teaspoon garlic salt,~In a bowl, mix the blue cheese, butter, and chives. Set aside. In a separate bowl, mix the black pepper, garlic salt, onion powder, and cayenne pepper.,Rub the steak with olive oil. Coat both sides of the meat with the spice mixture, and rub in by hand or press with a spatula.,Preheat the grill for low heat.,Lightly oil the grill grate. Place meat on the grill, and cook 10 to 15 minutes per side, or to desired doneness. Grill to rare or medium rare for best flavor. Remove from grill, and slice lengthwise into thin strips. Top with a large dollop of blue cheese butter, and serve.,~
Linguini with Cashews and Scallions~Pasta~This is a great recipe to have by itself or with an Asian-style meal.~1/2 cup butter,1/2 cup teriyaki sauce,1 (16 ounce) package uncooked linguini pasta,1 bunch green onions, diced,1 (9.25 ounce) container cashews,1 teaspoon ground ginger,~Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Place linguini in the pot, cook 9 to 11 minutes, until al dente, and drain.,Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat, and saute the cashews 5 minutes, until lightly browned. Mix in the cooked linguini, teriyaki sauce, ginger, and green onion, and continue to cook and stir until heated through.,~
Chicken in a Blanket~Meat~Who said you have to celebrate holidays with a turkey? Certainly not a turkey. Try this Chicken in a Blanket -- it's a comfort food that can host all those extras like cranberry and gravy. You'll need chicken breasts, allouette, large roll of crescent dough, cranberry sauce and some spice.~4 small Chicken Breasts,1 (4 ounce) container Spreadable Cheese,1 (14.5 ounce) can Whole Cranberry Sauce,1 (10 ounce) can Crescent Dough,2 tablespoons Garlic Salt,~Place a chicken breast on the top of the cheese and fold the crescent dough around the chicken, make sure to close up all the sides.,Sprinkle with garlic salt and toss in a 350 degree oven for 25 minutes.,Serve with a dollop of cranberry sauce.,Divide the crescent dough into 4 equal square pieces.,Brown the chicken breasts for a couple of minutes on each side by placing in medium/high heat skillet.,Place one tablespoon of cheese in the center of each square.,~
Beef Tacos~Meat~Delicious beef tacos~Flour tortillas, 1lb ground beef, Taco seasoning, Shredded cheese, Lettuce, Diced tomato~Brown ground beef and season with taco seasoning. Microwave tortillas for 30 seconds inside a wet paper towel. Serve with Lettuce Tomato, and Mexican rice.~
Sausage Pasta~Pasta~Tasty sausage pasta~16oz fettucine pasta, 4oz mushrooms, 8oz can of tomato paste, 4 sausages~Cook pasta, cut sausages and saute with mushrooms, once cooked through, put in tomato sauce and stopp cooking once bubbling. Serve on top of pasta.~
Pork Chop Ramen~Pasta~A simple ramen meal~2 packages of ramen, 2 pork chops~Saute pork chops in butter, salt and pepper (usually 3-4 mins each side), until golden brown.~
Chicken and rice~Meat~A simple chicken and rice meal~1/2 tsp thyme, 1/2 tsp onion powder, 1/2 tsp garlic powder, 1/4 tsp black pepper, 1/2 tsp parsley, 1/2 tbs creole seasoning, 1/2 tsp paprika, 1.5lb chicken, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup bell peppers, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 clove of garlic diced~Put chicken in bowl with olive oil, then coat with dry seasoning. Put bowl in fridge and let marinate for 30 minutes. Then, put chicken in instant pot and cook while cooking rice.~
Moist Garlic Chicken~Meat~This is a quick and easy microwave recipe for moist garlic chicken that has lots of flavor. You can adjust the seasonings to whatever you want. Serve with side dishes of your choice.~1/2 cup butter,2 cubes chicken bouillon,1 teaspoon garlic salt, or to taste,1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning (Optional),1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed (Optional),2 cups water,4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves,~Pierce chicken breasts with a fork on one side; place pierced-side down in the casserole dish. Chicken should be almost covered by liquid, if not completely covered.,Pour water into a microwave-safe casserole dish and place it in the microwave. Heat until boiling, about 2 minutes. Stir in bouillon cubes, butter, Italian seasoning, dill, and garlic salt.,Cover the dish; cook in the microwave for 10 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink, and juices run clear. If chicken is not done after 10 minutes, continue to cook at 1 1/2 minute intervals.,~
Peanut Butter and Apple Sandwich~Misc~My kids love to spread peanut butter on their apples, so one day I thought I would take a favorite of theirs and just tweak it a little bit....voila, a peanut butter and apple sandwich. PB and J can get boring after a while and this provides a healthy alternative.~2 slices whole wheat bread,1 small apple - peeled, cored and shredded,1 tablespoon peanut butter, or to taste,~Spread a thin layer of peanut butter onto one side of each slice of bread. Place shredded apple onto the peanut butter, and place the other peanut buttered side of bread on top. Serve immediately.,~
Rachel's Tomato Basil Soup~Soup~Fresh basil is the key to this delicious and creamy tomato soup. Serve with homemade French bread for a special treat!~1/4 cup butter or margarine,1 cup heavy cream,20 fresh basil leaves, cut into thin strips,1 (11.5 ounce) can tomato-vegetable juice cocktail,1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes,1 (14.5 ounce) can chicken broth,~In a large saucepan, combine the tomatoes, vegetable juice, and chicken broth. Bring to a boil, and cook for 30 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in the basil. At this point, you may puree the soup if you wish. Add the cream and butter; return to medium-low heat, and stir until butter is melted. Serve immediately.,~
Zucchini Pepperjack Casserole~Misc~A fun summer dish that is sort of like a savory zucchini cobbler. This is a great side dish and can easily be used as a main dish for a light summer dinner. A family favorite even among the vegetarian members.~3/4 teaspoon salt,1 tablespoon butter,8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, cubed,1/2 cup seasoned bread crumbs,6 eggs,2 pounds zucchini, thinly sliced,8 ounces pepper jack cheese, cubed,3/4 cup milk,3 teaspoons baking powder,5 tablespoons all-purpose flour,~Generously butter a 9x13 inch baking dish, and coat with some of the bread crumbs. Place the zucchini into the pan, and distribute the cheeses evenly over the top. In medium bowl, mix together the eggs, milk, salt, baking powder and flour. Spoon over the top of the casserole, and dot with butter. Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs over the top.,Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the topping is cooked through. Pick up a piece of the topping and peek underneath to see if it is no longer gooey.,Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).,~
Thai Basil Chicken Stir Fry~Pasta~Delicious chicken stir fry~2 cups rice, 2 large chicken breast, 2 cloves garlic minced, 1 tbs thai chili, 2 tbsp olive oil, 1/2 onion sliced, 1 carrot (shredded), 1 tsp oyster sauce, 1 tsp sugar, 1 cup rice, handful of basil~Cook rice. Cut chicken in bite size pieces, season with salt, pepper and olive oil and set aside. Saute garlic and chili then add chicken, wait a couple minutes, and add diced onion and carrots. Once chicken is fully cooked, add sauces and sugar. Serve on white rice with basil on top~
Slow Cooker Salisbury Steak~Meat~This Salisbury steak recipe comes together quickly and does not need a lot of time in the slow cooker. It's a delicious way to add flavor to ground beef and the children love it! The gravy is delightful served over mashed potatoes.~2 pounds lean ground beef,2 tablespoons vegetable oil,2 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed cream of chicken soup,1/4 cup milk,1/2 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs,1 (1 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix,3/4 cup water,1/4 cup all-purpose flour,1 (1 ounce) packet dry au jus mix,~Mix condensed soup, water, and au jus mix together in a medium bowl; pour over the beef patties. Cook on Low until ground beef is well done, about 4 to 5 hours.,Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge patties in flour just to coat, and quickly brown on both sides in the hot skillet. Place browned patties into the slow cooker stacking alternately like a pyramid.,Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, and onion soup mix together in a large bowl until well combined; shape into 8 patties.,~
Red Slush Punch~Misc~This Red Slush Punch is a party MUST! It is sooo delicious, I make it for almost every occasion!~2 (46 fluid ounce) cans pineapple juice,9 cups boiling water,2 cups lemon juice,4 (2 liter) bottles ginger ale,3 (3 ounce) packages strawberry flavored Jell-O mix,4 cups sugar,9 cups water,~In a large bowl, whisk together the strawberry gelatin mix and 9 cups of boiling water. Set aside. In a large pot, bring the remaining 9 cups of water to a boil. Stir in the sugar until dissolved. Pour the sugar water into the gelatin water, then stir in the pineapple juice and lemon juice, mixing well. Pour into four 1-gallon size resealable freezer bags, or pretty Bundt pans to freeze.,To make punch, place one of the frozen portions into a punch bowl, and pour 1 bottle of ginger ale over.,~
Puff Pastry Cinnamon Rolls~Dessert~Extremely easy cinnamon rolls made from a puff pastry.~1 tablespoon butter,1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed,1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, cubed,1 (16 ounce) package cream cheese frosting,1 tablespoon vanilla extract,1 tablespoon ground cinnamon,~Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from oven, and spread cream cheese frosting over warm roll. Serve warm or at room temperature.,Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a 9x13 inch baking pan with cooking spray.,Spread cinnamon and cream cheese mixture over puff pastry. Roll puff pastry into a log, and pinch ends together to keep filling inside. Place roll in prepared pan.,In a saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add cream cheese, cinnamon, and vanilla to pan, and stir until smooth. Remove from heat, and cool for 5 minutes.,~
Chicken Pesto~Meat~Tasty chicken pesto~16oz linguine pasta, 1lb chicken breasts, 4-6oz pesto~Cook pasta. Season chicken with salt pepper olive oil and italian seasoning, Either slice chicken into bite sized pieces and saute or cook in the instant pot using poultry mode. Once the pasta and chicken are done cooking, mix in with pesto and serve.~
Garlic Baked Potato~Misc~Almost eliminates the need for butter and sour cream. Very flavorful, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Big family favorite.~2 teaspoons garlic salt, or to taste,2 tablespoons olive oil,salt and pepper to taste,4 medium baking potatoes, scrubbed,~Pour olive oil into a plastic bag. Measure the garlic salt and pepper onto a plate, and stir around a little. Coat each potato with olive oil by placing in the bag, and moving it around. Remove from the bag, and dip into the seasoning. Rub seasoning into the potato to coat. Place the potatoes directly on the oven rack.,Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until the potatoes feel soft when you squeeze them.,Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).,~
Apple Cobbler~Dessert~Even if your guests didn't leave any room for dessert, they will find a way to squeeze in some Apple Cobbler. You'll need apple pie filling, vanilla cake mix, butter, cinnamon, caramel sauce.~2 tablespoons Cinnamon,4 tablespoons Water,1 (12 ounce) jar Caramel Sauce,1 (16 ounce) package Vanilla Cake Mix,4 tablespoons Melted Butter Combined with,3 (15.25 ounce) cans Apple Pie Filling,~Empty all three containers of apple pie filling into a casserole dish.,Pour butter mixture over the cake mix.,Top with the entire bag of cake mix.,Serve with caramel sauce.,Bake at 30 minutes at 350 degrees.,Sprinkle with cinnamon.,~
The Best Rice Ever~Pasta~Also playing a supporting role in this holiday meal is The Best Rice Ever. Indeed this is a staple, but it is also quite a treat. You'll need instant white rice, seasoned broth, butter, lemons and parsley.~1 (13.75 ounce) can Chicken Broth,4 tablespoons Butter,1 tablespoon Chopped Parsley,2 cups Instant Rice,2 fruit, without seeds Lemons,~Place the lid on the top of the pot and let rest for ten minutes.,Add the parsley and give it stir.,Bring broth, lemon juice, and butter to a simmer.,Remove from the stove top and add the rice.,~
Balsamic Glazed Steaks~Meat~A romantic diner calls for wine and steak and on this episode of C and E we're combining them to make a fabulous main course. This entree is sure to please the steak lover in everyone and Brooke shows us how to do it on a Cheap and Easy budget.~1 pinch Cracked Black Pepper,2 steaks Small Filet Mignon Steaks,1/3 cup Balsamic Vinegar,3 cups Frozen Broccoli,1/3 cup Red Wine,~Add the remaining ingredients, wine, vinegar, and broccoli and cook for 8 minutes on medium heat, making sure to turn the steaks mid-way through!,Sear each fillet by tossing it in to a skillet that has been heated to medium/high heat for one minute on each side.,Sprinkle each steak with cracked black pepper.,~
Chocolate Truffles~Dessert~Why give chocolates that you bought from the store when it's just as easy to make them from scratch? In this episode of Cheap and Easy you'll learn to make truffles that you can flavor anyway you like! It's the perfect way to seal the deal on a night of romance!~1/4 cup Cocoa Powder,3 cups Chocolate Chips,1/4 cup Instant Coffee Creamer,1 (14 ounce) can Condensed Milk,1 pinch Salt,~Dust with coco powder and serve!,Add a pinch of salt and coffee creamer to the bowl and place in the fridge for one hour.,Using a melon baler take one tablespoon spoonfuls out of the chocolate and roll into balls.,Empty the chocolate chips and evaporated milk into a microwave safe bowl and microwave on medium heat for 5 minutes.,~
Grilled Bacon-Wrapped Corn on the Cob~Misc~You'll never eat corn any other way!~10 12x8-inch sheets aluminum foil,10 ears corn, husked and cleaned,1 (1 pound) package sliced bacon,salt and black pepper to taste,Cajun seasoning to taste,~Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.,Sprinkle each ear of corn with Cajun seasoning, salt, and pepper, and wrap each ear with 2 slices of bacon, covering the ear as completely as possible. (A big ear might need 3 pieces of bacon.) Wrap the ears in aluminum foil, twisting the ends tightly to seal.,Place the wrapped corn on the preheated grill, and grill on high heat until the corn is hot, about 10 minutes per side. Turn the heat to Low, and grill the corn until the bacon is cooked and the corn is tender, about 45 minutes.,~
Firecracker Chili Powder~Misc~This is a chili powder that I created myself. Regular chili powder was just not cutting it, and the chili powder packets tasted, well.... packety... As they say, necessity is the mother of invention. The recipe will make a small canister of powder. This will be good for 1-3 batches of chili depending on batch size and intensity of the flavoring.~1/3 teaspoon ground cumin,1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg,1/2 teaspoon black and red pepper blend (such as McCormick Hot Shot!�),1 teaspoon paprika,1 teaspoon cayenne pepper,1/2 teaspoon garlic powder,2 tablespoons chili powder,1/2 teaspoon salt,~Mix the ground dried chilies, paprika, cayenne pepper, salt, black and red pepper blend, garlic powder, ground cumin, and ground nutmeg in a small bowl. Store in an airtight container.,~
Grandma's Chopped Liver~Misc~Liver is simmered in chicken broth and ground with hard cooked egg and three different preparations of onion to make the best chopped liver ever.~salt and pepper to taste,2 eggs,2 tablespoons vegetable oil,2 pounds chicken livers, rinsed and trimmed,2 cubes chicken bouillon,1 quart water,3 onions,~Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Chop one onion and fry in the oil until tender. Chop the third onion and set aside. When the liver has cooled, grind together the liver, hard-cooked eggs and the three onions. Season with salt and pepper. Chill before serving.,Place the liver, whole eggs and one onion into a large saucepan with the water. Bring to a boil and stir in the chicken bouillon cubes. Simmer for one hour, then allow to cool.,~
Roasted Easter Ham~Misc~Fresh roasted ham is coated with an easy glaze of mustard and maple syrup. Great for an Easter buffet.~1/3 cup maple syrup,1/3 cup prepared yellow mustard,1 (5 pound) bone-in ham,2 tablespoons brown sugar,2 teaspoons onion powder,~Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Rinse the ham and pat dry with paper towels.,Roast the ham uncovered for 2 hours in the preheated oven, or until heated through. Let it rest for about 15 minutes before carving to keep it from drying out.,Place the ham in a shallow roasting pan. In a small bowl, mix together the mustard, maple syrup, brown sugar and onion powder. Coat the ham entirely with the glaze using a spoon or brush.,~