
Moist Garlic Chicken~Meat~This is a quick and easy microwave recipe for moist garlic chicken that has lots of flavor. You can adjust the seasonings to whatever you want. Serve with side dishes of your choice.~1/2 cup butter,2 cubes chicken bouillon,1 teaspoon garlic salt, or to taste,1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning (Optional),1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed (Optional),2 cups water,4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves,~Pierce chicken breasts with a fork on one side; place pierced-side down in the casserole dish. Chicken should be almost covered by liquid, if not completely covered.,Pour water into a microwave-safe casserole dish and place it in the microwave. Heat until boiling, about 2 minutes. Stir in bouillon cubes, butter, Italian seasoning, dill, and garlic salt.,Cover the dish; cook in the microwave for 10 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink, and juices run clear. If chicken is not done after 10 minutes, continue to cook at 1 1/2 minute intervals.,~
Peanut Butter and Apple Sandwich~Misc~My kids love to spread peanut butter on their apples, so one day I thought I would take a favorite of theirs and just tweak it a little bit....voila, a peanut butter and apple sandwich. PB and J can get boring after a while and this provides a healthy alternative.~2 slices whole wheat bread,1 small apple - peeled, cored and shredded,1 tablespoon peanut butter, or to taste,~Spread a thin layer of peanut butter onto one side of each slice of bread. Place shredded apple onto the peanut butter, and place the other peanut buttered side of bread on top. Serve immediately.,~
Jackie's Spinach and Apple Salad~Salad~This is a unique and delicious spinach salad with Granny Smith apples, walnuts, and Cheddar cheese. One of our family's favorites!~12 ounces baby spinach leaves,1/4 cup maple syrup,2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced,1/4 cup olive oil,8 ounces Cheddar cheese, cubed,1/4 cup apple cider vinegar,1/2 cup chopped walnuts,~In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, maple syrup and olive oil. Pour over the salad, and stir to coat. I like to use a bowl with a lid so I can shake the ingredients. Serve immediately.,In a large bowl, combine the spinach, apples, Cheddar cheese and walnuts. Toss lightly to blend.,~
Rachel's Tomato Basil Soup~Soup~Fresh basil is the key to this delicious and creamy tomato soup. Serve with homemade French bread for a special treat!~1/4 cup butter or margarine,1 cup heavy cream,20 fresh basil leaves, cut into thin strips,1 (11.5 ounce) can tomato-vegetable juice cocktail,1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes,1 (14.5 ounce) can chicken broth,~In a large saucepan, combine the tomatoes, vegetable juice, and chicken broth. Bring to a boil, and cook for 30 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in the basil. At this point, you may puree the soup if you wish. Add the cream and butter; return to medium-low heat, and stir until butter is melted. Serve immediately.,~
Zucchini Pepperjack Casserole~Misc~A fun summer dish that is sort of like a savory zucchini cobbler. This is a great side dish and can easily be used as a main dish for a light summer dinner. A family favorite even among the vegetarian members.~3/4 teaspoon salt,1 tablespoon butter,8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, cubed,1/2 cup seasoned bread crumbs,6 eggs,2 pounds zucchini, thinly sliced,8 ounces pepper jack cheese, cubed,3/4 cup milk,3 teaspoons baking powder,5 tablespoons all-purpose flour,~Generously butter a 9x13 inch baking dish, and coat with some of the bread crumbs. Place the zucchini into the pan, and distribute the cheeses evenly over the top. In medium bowl, mix together the eggs, milk, salt, baking powder and flour. Spoon over the top of the casserole, and dot with butter. Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs over the top.,Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the topping is cooked through. Pick up a piece of the topping and peek underneath to see if it is no longer gooey.,Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).,~
Slow Cooker Salisbury Steak~Misc~This Salisbury steak recipe comes together quickly and does not need a lot of time in the slow cooker. It's a delicious way to add flavor to ground beef and the children love it! The gravy is delightful served over mashed potatoes.~2 pounds lean ground beef,2 tablespoons vegetable oil,2 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed cream of chicken soup,1/4 cup milk,1/2 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs,1 (1 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix,3/4 cup water,1/4 cup all-purpose flour,1 (1 ounce) packet dry au jus mix,~Mix condensed soup, water, and au jus mix together in a medium bowl; pour over the beef patties. Cook on Low until ground beef is well done, about 4 to 5 hours.,Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge patties in flour just to coat, and quickly brown on both sides in the hot skillet. Place browned patties into the slow cooker stacking alternately like a pyramid.,Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, and onion soup mix together in a large bowl until well combined; shape into 8 patties.,~
Red Slush Punch~Misc~This Red Slush Punch is a party MUST! It is sooo delicious, I make it for almost every occasion!~2 (46 fluid ounce) cans pineapple juice,9 cups boiling water,2 cups lemon juice,4 (2 liter) bottles ginger ale,3 (3 ounce) packages strawberry flavored Jell-O® mix,4 cups sugar,9 cups water,~In a large bowl, whisk together the strawberry gelatin mix and 9 cups of boiling water. Set aside. In a large pot, bring the remaining 9 cups of water to a boil. Stir in the sugar until dissolved. Pour the sugar water into the gelatin water, then stir in the pineapple juice and lemon juice, mixing well. Pour into four 1-gallon size resealable freezer bags, or pretty Bundt pans to freeze.,To make punch, place one of the frozen portions into a punch bowl, and pour 1 bottle of ginger ale over.,~
Homestyle Potato Chips~Misc~Homemade potato chips are fun and easy. Guaranteed they won't last long! A food processor with a slicing attachment is very helpful for slicing the potatoes. Experiment with the thickness; you may like them thicker or thinner. I like to use olive oil for frying, but you can use safflower, corn, or peanut oil as well as vegetable oil.~1 quart oil for deep frying,4 medium potatoes, peeled and sliced paper-thin,3 tablespoons salt, plus more to taste,~Season potato chips with additional salt if desired.,Working in small batches, fry potato slices until golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Continue until all of the slices are fried.,Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C).,Drain slices and rinse under cold water. Refill the bowl with water, add 3 tablespoons salt, and put slices back in the bowl. Let potatoes soak in the salty water for at least 30 minutes.,Drain and rinse slices again. Pat dry.,Transfer potato slices to a large bowl of cold water as you slice them.,~
Tabakh Roho (Syrian Lamb and Vegetable Stew)~Soup~This is a Syrian lamb and vegetable stew made in layers and served with steamed rice or bulgur. My Damascene sister-in-law recently showed me how to make this. It is delicious. The addition of ghee or semneh at the end of the cooking is a traditional Damascene style of cooking; however, these days these dishes are made without the extra fat.~1 pound lamb meat, cut into small pieces,1 tablespoon ghee (clarified butter) (Optional),~Place a layer of onion on top of the lamb in the pot, but do not stir. Top with layers of potato, eggplant, zucchini, and tomatoes.,Heat the ghee in a large pot over medium-high heat and stir in the lamb meat. Cook and stir until evenly browned. Season with allspice, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and cardamom and mix well.,Repeat the layers of vegetables until you have used them up, ending with tomatoes on top. Place the chile pepper in the center of the tomatoes. Season with salt. Dilute the tomato paste in the water, and pour it over the vegetables. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 1 hour, until vegetables are tender.,Transfer the stew to a wide bowl or serving dish by gently tipping the pot and letting it slide out into the serving dish, while maintaining its layers. Sprinkle with ghee, if desired.,With a mortar and pestle, crush together the garlic, a pinch of salt, and the dried mint. Mix with 2 tablespoons of liquid from the pot, and drop by spoonfuls over the vegetables in the pot, but do not stir. Simmer for 5 minutes more.,~
Australian BBQ Meatballs~Misc~These delicious meatballs get even better the next day my whole family loves them! The sauce is also great on ribs.~1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper,1/2 cup beef stock,2 tablespoons instant coffee granules,1/2 cup milk,1 tablespoon margarine,1/2 cup bread crumbs,1/4 cup steak sauce,1 tablespoon curry powder,2 small onions, chopped,3 tablespoons lemon juice,3/4 cup ketchup,1/2 teaspoon salt,2 tablespoons white vinegar,1/2 cup packed brown sugar,1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning,1 clove garlic, minced,1 pound ground beef,1 egg, beaten,1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce,~Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a medium bowl, mix together the ground beef, bread crumbs, 2 onions, curry powder, Italian seasoning, egg, garlic, salt and pepper. Gradually mix in the milk until you have a nice texture for forming meatballs. You may not need all of the milk. Form the meat into balls slightly smaller than golf balls. Place them in a greased baking dish.,Melt the margarine in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the remaining onions, and cook until browned. Stir in the ketchup, beef stock, steak sauce, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, instant coffee, brown sugar and lemon juice. Bring to a boil over medium heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the meatballs are done.,These meatballs taste even better after they have been left to rest for a while to soak up the sauce. I usually make the recipe at lunchtime and let it cool. I put it back in the oven at about 200 degrees for approximately 15 minutes to reheat for dinner. This is not necessary but it makes it taste even better!,Remove the meatballs from the oven, and drain any excess grease. Pour the sauce over them, and return to the oven. Bake for an additional 30 minutes.,Bake the meatballs for 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Once the meatballs are in the oven, start making the sauce straight away.,~
Three Milks Coconut Custard~Misc~I needed to use up some milk and eggs one day and came up with this custard. I tried replacing the almond extract with amaretto liquor and it was mighty good too. You can adjust the flavorings to suit your taste but don't go over board on the almond - it is a pretty strong flavoring. And don't skip the water bath!~1/4 teaspoon coconut extract,1/4 cup white sugar,1 dash ground nutmeg,4 eggs,1/4 cup brown sugar,1/4 teaspoon almond extract,1/2 cup coconut milk,1 teaspoon vanilla extract,1/2 cup milk,1 cup water,1/2 cup buttermilk,1/4 teaspoon salt,~In a large bowl, combine the buttermilk, coconut milk, milk, water, and eggs. Blend with an electric mixer just until smooth. If you over mix, bubbles will form on the surface of the custard. Stir in the white sugar, brown sugar, salt, vanilla extract, coconut extract, and almond extract. Pour into 8 custard cups or ramekins.,Place the custard filled dishes onto a baking sheet with tall sides, or in a casserole dish. Place the dish in the oven, and fill with hot water so that it comes halfway up the sides of the custard dishes.,Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).,Bake for about 40 minutes in the preheated oven, checking the water level occasionally so it doesn't dry out. The custard is done when a knife inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove ramekins from the water bath as soon as they are done, or they will continue to cook. You can leave the water bath in the oven until it cools off for safer removal.,~
Puff Pastry Cinnamon Rolls~Misc~Extremely easy cinnamon rolls made from a puff pastry.~1 tablespoon butter,1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed,1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, cubed,1 (16 ounce) package cream cheese frosting,1 tablespoon vanilla extract,1 tablespoon ground cinnamon,~Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from oven, and spread cream cheese frosting over warm roll. Serve warm or at room temperature.,Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a 9x13 inch baking pan with cooking spray.,Spread cinnamon and cream cheese mixture over puff pastry. Roll puff pastry into a log, and pinch ends together to keep filling inside. Place roll in prepared pan.,In a saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add cream cheese, cinnamon, and vanilla to pan, and stir until smooth. Remove from heat, and cool for 5 minutes.,~
Garlic Baked Potato~Misc~Almost eliminates the need for butter and sour cream. Very flavorful, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Big family favorite.~2 teaspoons garlic salt, or to taste,2 tablespoons olive oil,salt and pepper to taste,4 medium baking potatoes, scrubbed,~Pour olive oil into a plastic bag. Measure the garlic salt and pepper onto a plate, and stir around a little. Coat each potato with olive oil by placing in the bag, and moving it around. Remove from the bag, and dip into the seasoning. Rub seasoning into the potato to coat. Place the potatoes directly on the oven rack.,Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until the potatoes feel soft when you squeeze them.,Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).,~