
Ground Beef Curly Noodle~Pasta~An easy, quick, and economical curly noodles recipe that kids really like. Ground beef, noodles, corn, and tomatoes make a complete meal in one skillet. My sister who ran a daycare used to make this and everybody enjoyed it.~1 pound ground beef,1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes,1 (3 ounce) package ramen noodle pasta with flavor packet,1 (10 ounce) can whole kernel corn,~Stir in flavor packet from ramen noodles, tomatoes, and corn (with their juices). Break up noodles slightly, and add them to the skillet. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes, or until noodles are tender. Stir occasionally to break up any clumps of noodles.,Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Crumble in ground beef, and cook until no longer pink, stirring frequently. Drain off grease.,~
The Really Good Salad Recipe with Pieces of Fruit~Salad~Garden salad with fruit, cooked sugared almonds, and an oil and vinegar dressing.~1/2 cup diced mango,salt and pepper to taste,1/2 cup sliced fresh peaches,1/2 cup dried, sweetened cranberries,1/2 head iceberg lettuce - rinsed, dried, and chopped,1/2 head leaf lettuce - rinsed, dried, and chopped,2 tablespoons white sugar,1/2 cup mandarin orange segments, drained,1/4 cup distilled white vinegar,1/2 cup olive oil,1/2 cup chopped fresh strawberries,1/4 cup chopped fresh chives,1/2 cup white sugar,1 cup slivered almonds,1 cup chopped celery,~In a large bowl, gently mix the almonds, iceberg lettuce, leaf lettuce, celery, chives, cranberries, mandarin orange, peaches, mango, and strawberries. Serve with desired amount of the oil and vinegar dressing.,In a bowl, mix the olive oil, vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt, and pepper. Set aside.,In a skillet over medium heat, cook and stir the almonds and 1/2 cup sugar 5 minutes, or until almonds are well-coated and lightly browned.,~
Best Toffee Ever - Super Easy~Dessert~This rich, buttery toffee is layered with smooth chocolate and topped with crunchy almonds. The recipe is easy to make and perfect for holiday gift giving or bake sales. I always get compliments and requests for more of this toffee candy.~1/4 teaspoon salt,2 cups semisweet chocolate chips,2 cups unsalted butter,2 cups white sugar,1 cup finely chopped almonds,~Meanwhile, line a 9x13-inch baking dish with a sheet of parchment paper, letting it overhang two sides of the dish.,Combine butter, sugar, and salt in a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat; stir constantly in one direction until butter is melted, about 5 minutes.,Once the butter has melted, stop stirring and bring mixture to a boil. Once boiling, cook, stirring only 2 to 3 times, until it turns a dark amber color and the temperature reaches 285 degrees F (137 degrees C) on a candy thermometer, 20 to 30 minutes.,Place toffee in the refrigerator until set, about 1 hour.,Lift hardened toffee out of the baking dish with the parchment paper. Break into pieces and store in an airtight container.,Immediately pour toffee into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle chocolate chips on top and let sit until they soften, 1 to 2 minutes. Use a spatula to spread softened chocolate into a thin, even layer. Sprinkle nuts over the chocolate and press down slightly; wearing a plastic bag over your hand will minimize the mess.,~
Borboletas~Pasta~I made this up myself because I needed something that I could cook quickly, that was delicious, and doesn't break the bank. Everyone I know who I cook this for has fallen absolutely in love with it. You can eat it while it's still warm, that's how I like it best. Refrigerating it makes it more of a pasta salad.~1 (16 ounce) package dry farfalle (bow tie) pasta,4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled,1 teaspoon dried oregano,1 medium cucumber, peeled and chopped,1 large fresh tomato, chopped,1/4 cup Italian salad dressing,~In a bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the tomato, cucumber, feta cheese, Italian dressing, and oregano.,Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Place the farfalle into the pot, cook 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.,~
Kickin' London Broil with Bleu Cheese Butter~Meat~London broil is grilled with spices and topped with a rich bleu cheese butter for an extraordinary taste! This is my original recipe - I hope you like it!~2 tablespoons butter, softened,1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper,2 tablespoons olive oil, divided,1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper,1 (2 pound) beef flank steak,3 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese,1 teaspoon onion powder,1 teaspoon fresh chives (Optional),1 teaspoon garlic salt,~In a bowl, mix the blue cheese, butter, and chives. Set aside. In a separate bowl, mix the black pepper, garlic salt, onion powder, and cayenne pepper.,Rub the steak with olive oil. Coat both sides of the meat with the spice mixture, and rub in by hand or press with a spatula.,Preheat the grill for low heat.,Lightly oil the grill grate. Place meat on the grill, and cook 10 to 15 minutes per side, or to desired doneness. Grill to rare or medium rare for best flavor. Remove from grill, and slice lengthwise into thin strips. Top with a large dollop of blue cheese butter, and serve.,~
Linguini with Cashews and Scallions~Pasta~This is a great recipe to have by itself or with an Asian-style meal.~1/2 cup butter,1/2 cup teriyaki sauce,1 (16 ounce) package uncooked linguini pasta,1 bunch green onions, diced,1 (9.25 ounce) container cashews,1 teaspoon ground ginger,~Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Place linguini in the pot, cook 9 to 11 minutes, until al dente, and drain.,Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat, and saute the cashews 5 minutes, until lightly browned. Mix in the cooked linguini, teriyaki sauce, ginger, and green onion, and continue to cook and stir until heated through.,~
Blackened Oyster and Shrimp Fondeaux~Meat~A fabulous creamy seafood dip. Make your own shrimp stock by boiling the shrimp shells in water. Serve as a hot dip with garlic bread.~2 tablespoons butter,1 cup chopped fresh spinach,1 cup heavy cream,1/4 cup chopped onion,4 medium (blank)s shucked oysters,1/2 teaspoon Cajun-style blackened seasoning,4 medium (blank)s fresh mushrooms, sliced,1 cup shrimp stock,4 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese,4 each large uncooked shrimp, peeled,2 ounces fresh lump crabmeat,2 tablespoons all-purpose flour,1/2 cup dry white wine,1 pinch cayenne pepper,2 tablespoons chopped green onion,1 teaspoon salt,~Melt remaining butter in a skillet over medium heat. Season the shrimp and oysters with blackened seasoning, and saute in butter for about 2 minutes. Add the spinach, mushrooms, crabmeat and green onion, and cook until softened, stirring frequently. Transfer to a baking dish, and stir in the cream sauce. Top with shredded cheese.,Preheat the oven's broiler.,Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour and onion, and cook until onion is tender, stirring constantly. Gradually whisk in the shrimp stock and white wine, stirring until smooth. Season with cayenne pepper and salt, and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes, then stir in cream and remove from heat.,Place under the broiler, and cook until cheese is melted. Serve immediately.,~